DM-54003: Add Prompt Pub application (#6360)
lsst-sqre/phalanx: applications/prompt-pub/README.md

# prompt-pub

> Replicates prompt data products from the USDF to the US DAC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manages the lifecycle of Butler Prompt Data Products as they move from the embargo repo to publication for end users.
```

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/lsst-sqre/prompt-pub>

> * <https://github.com/lsst-dm/prompt_publication_service>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <https://github.com/lsst-dm/prompt_publication_service>
```
